README.md, before:

# Go job search
<hr>

A **REST API** that allows registering as users and employers, where both
account types have access to different endpoints and are allowed to perform
different actions (e.g. only employers can create job offers, and only users
can create job applications).
Search functionality is implemented both with Postgres and Elasticsearch (depending on search complexity).
<hr>

### Built in Go 1.20

### The app uses:
- Postgres
- Docker
- [Gin](https://github.com/gin-gonic/gin)
- [Elasticsearch](https://github.com/elastic/go-elasticsearch)
- [golang-migrate](https://github.com/golang-migrate/migrate)
- [sqlc](https://github.com/kyleconroy/sqlc)
- [testify](https://github.com/stretchr/testify)
- [PASETO Security Tokens](github.com/o1egl/paseto)
- [Viper](https://github.com/spf13/viper)
- [gin-swagger](https://github.com/swaggo/gin-swagger)

<hr>

## Getting started
1. Clone the repository
2. Go to the project's root directory
3. Rename `app.env.example` to `app.env` and replace the values
4. Run in your terminal:
     - `docker-compose up` to run the database container
     - `make migrate_up` - to run migrations
     - `make runserver` - to run HTTP server
5. Now everything should be ready and server running on `SERVER_ADDRESS` specified in `app.env`
<hr>

## Testing
1. Run the postgres container (`docker-compose up`)
2. Run in your terminal:
    - `make test` to run all tests

   or
    - `make test_coverage p={PATH}` - to get the coverage in the HTML format - where `{PATH}` is the path to the target directory for which you want to generate test coverage. The `{PATH}` should be replaced with the actual path you want to use. For example `./api`

   or
    - use standard `go test` commands (e.g. `go test -v ./internal/api`)
<hr>

## API endpoints
This API provides a set of endpoints for managing:
- users
- employers
- jobs
- job applications

(and indirectly: user skills and job skills)


After running the server, the Swagger documentation is available at http://localhost:8080/swagger/index.html. 
You can find there detailed information about the API endpoints, including their parameters, 
request and response formats, and examples. You can use the Swagger UI to test the API 
endpoints and see their responses in real-time.

### The base path for all endpoints is `/api/v1`
so for example `/api/v1/users/login`


Here is a summary of the available endpoints and their functionality:


### Users

+ `POST /users`: This endpoint creates a new user. The request body must contain the user details 
in JSON format. On success, the response has a `201 Created` status code and returns the created 
user in JSON format. If the request body is invalid, a `400 Bad Request` status code is returned. 
If a user with the given email already exists, a `403 Forbidden` status code is returned. In case 
of any other error, a `500 Internal Server Error` status code is returned.

+ `POST /users/login`: This endpoint logs in a user. The request body must contain the user credentials
(email, password) in JSON format. On success, the response has a `200 OK` status code and returns 
an access token and the authenticated user in JSON format. If the request body is invalid, a 
`400 Bad Request` status code is returned. If the password is incorrect, a `401 Unauthorized` 
status code is returned. If a user with the given email does not exist, a `404 Not Found` status 
code is returned. In case of any other error, a `500 Internal Server Error` status code is returned.

+ `GET /users`: This endpoint retrieves the details of the logged-in user. On success, the response 
has a `200 OK` status code and returns the user details in JSON format. If the user 
is not authorized (does not have an account or is an employer, not user), a 
`401 Unauthorized` status code is returned. In case of any other error, a 
`500 Internal Server Error` status code is returned.

+ `PATCH /users`: This endpoint updates the details of the logged-in user. The request body must 
contain the updated user details in JSON format. On success, the response has a `200 OK` status code 
and returns the updated user in JSON format. If the request body is invalid, a `400 Bad Request` 
status code is returned. If the user is not authorized (does not have an account or is an employer, not user), 
a `401 Unauthorized` status code is returned. In case of any other error, a `500 Internal Server Error` status code is returned.

+ `PATCH /users/password`: This endpoint updates the password of the logged-in user. The request body 
must contain the old and new password in JSON format. On success, the response has a `200 OK` status 
code and returns a success message. If the request body is invalid, a `400 Bad Request` status code 
is returned. If the old password is incorrect or the user is not authorized (does not have an account or is an employer, not user), 
a `401 Unauthorized` status code is returned. In case 
of any other error, a `500 Internal Server Error` status code is returned.

+ `DELETE /users`: This endpoint deletes the logged-in user. On success, the response has a 
`204 No Content` status code. If the user 
is not authorized (does not have an account or is an employer, not user), a 
`401 Unauthorized` status code is returned.In case of any other error, a `500 Internal Server Error` status code is returned.


### Employers

+ `POST /employers`: This endpoint creates a new employer. The request body
must contain the employer and company details in JSON format. 
On success, the response has a `201 Created` status code and returns 
the created employer in JSON format. If the request body is invalid, 
a `400` status code is returned. If a company with the given name or an 
employer with the given email already exists, a `403 Forbidden` status 
code is returned. In case of any other error, a 500 Internal Error status code is returned.

+ `POST /employers/login`: This endpoint logs in an employer. The request body 
must contain the employer credentials (email, password) in JSON format. On success, 
the response has a `200 OK` status code and returns an access token and the authenticated employer 
in JSON format. If the request body is invalid, a `400 Bad Request` status code is returned. 
If the password is incorrect, a `401 Unauthorized` status code is returned. 
If an employer with the given email or a company with the given id does not 
exist, a `404 Not Found` status code is returned. In case of any other error, 
a `500 Internal Server Error` status code is returned.

+ `GET /employers`: This endpoint retrieves the details of the 
authenticated employer. The response is in JSON format and has a `200 OK` 
status code on success. If the employer is not authorized (does not have an account or is a user, not employer), a 
`401 Unauthorized` status code is returned. In case of an any other error, a `500 Internal Server Error` 
status code is returned.

+ `GET /employers/user/{email}`: This endpoint retrieves the details of a user as an employer. 
The response is in JSON format and has a `200 OK` status code on success. If the email 
in the URI is invalid, a `400 Bad Request` status code is returned. If the employer is 
not authorized (does not have an account or is not an employer), a `401 Unauthorized` 
status code is returned. If the user with the given email does not exist, a `404 Not Found` 
status code is returned. In case of any other error, a `500 Internal Server Error` status code is returned. 

+ `PATCH /employers`: This endpoint updates the details of the 
authenticated employer. The request body must contain the updated 
employer details in JSON format. On success, the response has a `200 OK` 
status code and returns the updated employer in JSON format. If the employer is not 
authorized (does not have an account or is a user, not employer), a `401 Unauthorized` 
status code is returned.In case of any other error, a `500 Internal Server Error` status code is returned.

+ `PATCH /employers/password`: This endpoint updates the password of the logged-in 
employer. The request body must contain the old and new password in JSON format.
On success, the response has a `200 OK` status code and returns a success message. 
If the request body is invalid, a `400 Bad Request` status code is returned. 
If the old password is incorrect or the employer is not authorized (does not have an account or is a user, not employer), a 
, a `401 Unauthorized` status code is returned. 
In case of any other error, a `500 Internal Server Error` status code is returned.

+ `DELETE /employers`: This endpoint deletes the logged-in employer. 
On success, the response has a `204 No Content` status code. If the employer is not 
authorized (does not have an account or is a user, not employer), a 
`401 Unauthorized` status code is returned.In case of 
any other error, a `500 Internal Server Error` status code is returned.


### Jobs

+ `POST /jobs`: This endpoint creates a new job. The request body must contain 
the job details in JSON format. On success, the response has a `201 Created` status 
code and returns the created job in JSON format. If the request body is invalid, 
a `400 Bad Request` status code is returned. In case of any other error, a 
`500 Internal Server Error `status code is returned.

+ `GET /jobs/search`: This endpoint searches for jobs with elasticsearch. 
The request must contain the `page`, `page_size`, and `search` parameters in the 
query. On success, the response has a `200 OK` status code and returns an array 
of jobs that match the search query in JSON format. If the query is invalid, a 
`400 Bad Request` status code is returned. In case of any other error, a `500 Internal Server Error` status code is returned.

+ `GET /jobs`: This endpoint filters and lists jobs based on the provided query 
parameters. The `page` and `page_size` query parameters are required and specify
the page number and page size, respectively. The `title`, `industry`, `job_location`, 
`salary_min`, and `salary_max` query parameters are optional and can be used to 
filter the jobs by title, industry, location, and salary range, respectively. 
On success, the response has a `200 OK` status code and returns a list of jobs 
in JSON format. If the query is invalid, a `400` status code is returned. 
In case of any other error, a `500 Internal Server Error` status code is returned.

+ `GET /jobs/company`: This endpoint lists jobs by company name, id, or part 
of the name. The `page` and `page_size` query parameters are required and specify 
the page number and page size, respectively. The `id`, `name`, and `name_contains` 
query parameters are optional (one of them has to be provided) and can be used 
to filter the jobs by company id, exact company name, or part of the company name, 
respectively. Only one of these three parameters is allowed in a single request. 
On success, the response has a `200 OK` status code and returns a list of jobs 
in JSON format. If the query is invalid, a `400 Bad Request` status code is returned. 
In case of any other error, a `500 Internal Server Error` status code is returned.

+ `GET /jobs/{id}`: This endpoint retrieves the details of the job with the given id. 
The id path parameter is required and specifies the id of the job to retrieve. On success, 
the response has a `200 OK` status code and returns the job details in JSON format. If the 
request query is invalid, a `400 Bad Request` code is returned. If the job with the given id is 
not found, a `404 Not Found` status code is returned. In case of any other error, a 
`500 Internal Server Error` status code is returned.

+ `PATCH /jobs/{id}`: This endpoint updates the job with the given id. The id path parameter is required 
and specifies the id of the job to update. The request body must contain the updated job details 
in JSON format. On success, the response has a `200 OK` status code and returns the updated job in 
JSON format. In case of any error, a `500 Internal Server Error` status code is returned.

+ `DELETE /jobs/{id}`: This endpoint deletes the job with the given id. The id path parameter is 
required and specifies the id of the job to delete. On success, the response has a `204 No Content` 
status code. In case the job is not found, returns `404 Not Found`, in case of any other error, a `500 Internal Server Error` status code is returned.


### Job Applications

+ `POST /job-applications`: This endpoint creates a new job application. Only users 
can access this endpoint. The request must contain the CV file, job ID, and optionally 
message for the employer in multipart/form-data format. On success, the response 
has a `200 OK` status code and returns the created job application details in JSON 
format. If the request body is invalid, a `400 Bad Request` status code is returned. 
If the user is not authorized to access this endpoint, a `401 Unauthorized` status 
code is returned. In case of any other error, a `500 Internal Server Error` status code is returned.

+ `GET /job-applications/employer/{id}`: This endpoint retrieves the details of the job application 
for an employer with the given id. The id path parameter is required and specifies the id of the job 
application to retrieve. On success, the response has a `200 OK` status code and returns the job application 
details in JSON format. If the request query is invalid, a `400 Bad Request` code is returned. If the employer 
is not authorized (does not have an account or is a user, not employer), a `401 Unauthorized` status code is returned. 
If the employer is not part of the company that created the job this application is for, a `403 Forbidden` status 
code is returned. In case of any other error, a `500 Internal Server Error` status code is returned.

+ `PATCH /job-applications/employer/{id}/status`: This endpoint changes the status of the job application with 
the given id. The id path parameter is required and specifies the id of the job application to update. 
The `new_status` body parameter is required and specifies the new status of the job application. On success, 
the response has a `200 OK` status code and returns the updated job application details in JSON format. 
If the request query is invalid, a `400 Bad Request` code is returned. If the user is not authorized (does not have an account or is a user, not employer), 
a `401 Unauthorized` status code is returned. If the employer is not part of the company that created the job this application is for, a `403 Forbidden`
status code is returned. If the job application with the given id is not found, a `404 Not Found` status code 
is returned. In case of any other error, a `500 Internal Server Error` status code is returned.

+ `GET /job-applications/employer`: This endpoint lists the job applications for a job with 
a given ID. Only employers can access this endpoint. The results are paginated based on the 
`page` and `page_size` query parameters, which are both required. The `sort` query parameter is 
optional and can be used to sort the results by date in ascending or descending order. The 
`status` query parameter is also optional and can be used to filter the results by status 
('Applied', 'Seen', 'Interviewing', 'Offered', 'Rejected'). On success, the response has a 
`200 OK` status code and returns a list of job applications in JSON format. If the request 
query is invalid, a `400 Bad Request` code is returned. If the user is not authorized 
(does not have an account or is not an employer), a `401 Unauthorized` status code is 
returned. If the job does not exist, a `404 Not Found` status is returned, and if the employer 
is not the owner of the job, `403 Forbidden` is returned. In case of any other error, 
a `500 Internal Server Error` status code is returned.

+ `GET /job-applications/user`: This endpoint lists the job applications that the authenticated 
user created. The results are paginated based on the `page` and `page_size` query parameters, 
which are both required. The `sort` query parameter is optional and can be used to sort 
the results by date in ascending or descending order. The `status` query parameter is also 
optional and can be used to filter the results by status (‘Applied’, ‘Seen’, ‘Interviewing’, ‘Offered’, ‘Rejected’). 
On success, the response has a `200 OK` status code and returns a list of job applications 
in JSON format. If the request query is invalid, a `400 Bad Request` code is returned. 
If the user is not authorized (does not have an account or is an employer, not user), a 
`401 Unauthorized` status code is returned. In case of any other error, a `500 Internal Server Error` status code is returned.

+ `GET /job-applications/user/{id}`: This endpoint retrieves the details of the job application for a user. 
The id path parameter is required and specifies the id of the job application to retrieve. On success, 
the response has a `200 OK` status code and returns the job application details in JSON format. If the 
request query is invalid, a `400 Bad Request` code is returned. If the user is not authorized (does not have an account or is an employer, not user)
, a `401 Unauthorized` status code is returned. If the user is not the creator of this job application, a `403 Forbidden` status code is 
returned. In case of any other error, a `500 Internal Server Error` status code is returned. 

+ `PATCH /job-applications/user/{id}`: This endpoint updates the details of the job application for a user. 
The id path parameter is required and specifies the id of the job application to update. The `cv` formData 
parameter is optional and specifies the CV file (.pdf) to update. The `cv_provided` formData parameter is 
required and specifies whether a CV file was provided. The `message` formData parameter is optional and 
specifies the message for the employer to update. On success, the response has a `200 OK` status code and 
returns the updated job application details in JSON format. If the request query is invalid, a `400 Bad Request` 
code is returned. If the user is not authorized (does not have an account or is an employer, not user), 
a `401 Unauthorized` status code is returned. If the user is not the creator of this job application, 
a `403 Forbidden` status code is returned. If the job application with the given id is not found, a 
`404 Not Found` status code is returned. In case of any other error, a `500 Internal Server Error` status code is returned.

+ `DELETE /job-applications/user/{id}`: This endpoint deletes the job application for a user. The id path parameter 
is required and specifies the id of the job application to delete. On success, the response has a `204 No Content` 
status code. If the provided id is invalid, a `400 Bad Request` code is returned. If the user is not authorized
(does not have an account or is an employer, not user), a `401 Unauthorized` status code is returned. 
If the user is not the creator of this job application, a `403 Forbidden` status code is returned. If the 
job application with the given id is not found, a `404 Not Found` status code is returned. In case of any 
other error, a `500 Internal Server Error` status code is returned.

Commit message:

add get employer and company details API (#123)

README.md, after:

# Go job search
<hr>

A **REST API** that allows registering as users and employers, where both
account types have access to different endpoints and are allowed to perform
different actions (e.g. only employers can create job offers, and only users
can create job applications).
Search functionality is implemented both with Postgres and Elasticsearch (depending on search complexity).
<hr>

### Built in Go 1.20

### The app uses:
- Postgres
- Docker
- [Gin](https://github.com/gin-gonic/gin)
- [Elasticsearch](https://github.com/elastic/go-elasticsearch)
- [golang-migrate](https://github.com/golang-migrate/migrate)
- [sqlc](https://github.com/kyleconroy/sqlc)
- [testify](https://github.com/stretchr/testify)
- [PASETO Security Tokens](github.com/o1egl/paseto)
- [Viper](https://github.com/spf13/viper)
- [gin-swagger](https://github.com/swaggo/gin-swagger)

<hr>

## Getting started
1. Clone the repository
2. Go to the project's root directory
3. Rename `app.env.example` to `app.env` and replace the values
4. Run in your terminal:
     - `docker-compose up` to run the database container
     - `make migrate_up` - to run migrations
     - `make runserver` - to run HTTP server
5. Now everything should be ready and server running on `SERVER_ADDRESS` specified in `app.env`
<hr>

## Testing
1. Run the postgres container (`docker-compose up`)
2. Run in your terminal:
    - `make test` to run all tests

   or
    - `make test_coverage p={PATH}` - to get the coverage in the HTML format - where `{PATH}` is the path to the target directory for which you want to generate test coverage. The `{PATH}` should be replaced with the actual path you want to use. For example `./api`

   or
    - use standard `go test` commands (e.g. `go test -v ./internal/api`)
<hr>

## API endpoints
This API provides a set of endpoints for managing:
- users
- employers
- jobs
- job applications

(and indirectly: user skills and job skills)


After running the server, the Swagger documentation is available at http://localhost:8080/swagger/index.html. 
You can find there detailed information about the API endpoints, including their parameters, 
request and response formats, and examples. You can use the Swagger UI to test the API 
endpoints and see their responses in real-time.

### The base path for all endpoints is `/api/v1`
so for example `/api/v1/users/login`


Here is a summary of the available endpoints and their functionality:


### Users

+ `POST /users`: This endpoint creates a new user. The request body must contain the user details 
in JSON format. On success, the response has a `201 Created` status code and returns the created 
user in JSON format. If the request body is invalid, a `400 Bad Request` status code is returned. 
If a user with the given email already exists, a `403 Forbidden` status code is returned. In case 
of any other error, a `500 Internal Server Error` status code is returned.

+ `POST /users/login`: This endpoint logs in a user. The request body must contain the user credentials
(email, password) in JSON format. On success, the response has a `200 OK` status code and returns 
an access token and the authenticated user in JSON format. If the request body is invalid, a 
`400 Bad Request` status code is returned. If the password is incorrect, a `401 Unauthorized` 
status code is returned. If a user with the given email does not exist, a `404 Not Found` status 
code is returned. In case of any other error, a `500 Internal Server Error` status code is returned.

+ `GET /users`: This endpoint retrieves the details of the logged-in user. On success, the response 
has a `200 OK` status code and returns the user details in JSON format. If the user 
is not authorized (does not have an account or is an employer, not user), a 
`401 Unauthorized` status code is returned. In case of any other error, a 
`500 Internal Server Error` status code is returned.

+ `GET /users/employer-company-details/{email}`: This endpoint retrieves the employer 
and company details. It does not require authentication. The response is in JSON format 
and has a `200 OK` status code on success. If the email in the URI is invalid, a 
`400 Bad Request` status code is returned. If the employer with the given email does 
not exist, a `404 Not Found` status code is returned. In case of any other error, a 
`500 Internal Server Error` status code is returned.

+ `PATCH /users`: This endpoint updates the details of the logged-in user. The request body must 
contain the updated user details in JSON format. On success, the response has a `200 OK` status code 
and returns the updated user in JSON format. If the request body is invalid, a `400 Bad Request` 
status code is returned. If the user is not authorized (does not have an account or is an employer, not user), 
a `401 Unauthorized` status code is returned. In case of any other error, a `500 Internal Server Error` status code is returned.

+ `PATCH /users/password`: This endpoint updates the password of the logged-in user. The request body 
must contain the old and new password in JSON format. On success, the response has a `200 OK` status 
code and returns a success message. If the request body is invalid, a `400 Bad Request` status code 
is returned. If the old password is incorrect or the user is not authorized (does not have an account or is an employer, not user), 
a `401 Unauthorized` status code is returned. In case 
of any other error, a `500 Internal Server Error` status code is returned.

+ `DELETE /users`: This endpoint deletes the logged-in user. On success, the response has a 
`204 No Content` status code. If the user 
is not authorized (does not have an account or is an employer, not user), a 
`401 Unauthorized` status code is returned.In case of any other error, a `500 Internal Server Error` status code is returned.


### Employers

+ `POST /employers`: This endpoint creates a new employer. The request body
must contain the employer and company details in JSON format. 
On success, the response has a `201 Created` status code and returns 
the created employer in JSON format. If the request body is invalid, 
a `400` status code is returned. If a company with the given name or an 
employer with the given email already exists, a `403 Forbidden` status 
code is returned. In case of any other error, a 500 Internal Error status code is returned.

+ `POST /employers/login`: This endpoint logs in an employer. The request body 
must contain the employer credentials (email, password) in JSON format. On success, 
the response has a `200 OK` status code and returns an access token and the authenticated employer 
in JSON format. If the request body is invalid, a `400 Bad Request` status code is returned. 
If the password is incorrect, a `401 Unauthorized` status code is returned. 
If an employer with the given email or a company with the given id does not 
exist, a `404 Not Found` status code is returned. In case of any other error, 
a `500 Internal Server Error` status code is returned.

+ `GET /employers`: This endpoint retrieves the details of the 
authenticated employer. The response is in JSON format and has a `200 OK` 
status code on success. If the employer is not authorized (does not have an account or is a user, not employer), a 
`401 Unauthorized` status code is returned. In case of an any other error, a `500 Internal Server Error` 
status code is returned.

+ `GET /employers/user-details/{email}`: This endpoint retrieves the details of a user as an employer. 
The response is in JSON format and has a `200 OK` status code on success. If the email 
in the URI is invalid, a `400 Bad Request` status code is returned. If the employer is 
not authorized (does not have an account or is not an employer), a `401 Unauthorized` 
status code is returned. If the user with the given email does not exist, a `404 Not Found` 
status code is returned. In case of any other error, a `500 Internal Server Error` status code is returned. 

+ `PATCH /employers`: This endpoint updates the details of the 
authenticated employer. The request body must contain the updated 
employer details in JSON format. On success, the response has a `200 OK` 
status code and returns the updated employer in JSON format. If the employer is not 
authorized (does not have an account or is a user, not employer), a `401 Unauthorized` 
status code is returned.In case of any other error, a `500 Internal Server Error` status code is returned.

+ `PATCH /employers/password`: This endpoint updates the password of the logged-in 
employer. The request body must contain the old and new password in JSON format.
On success, the response has a `200 OK` status code and returns a success message. 
If the request body is invalid, a `400 Bad Request` status code is returned. 
If the old password is incorrect or the employer is not authorized (does not have an account or is a user, not employer), a 
, a `401 Unauthorized` status code is returned. 
In case of any other error, a `500 Internal Server Error` status code is returned.

+ `DELETE /employers`: This endpoint deletes the logged-in employer. 
On success, the response has a `204 No Content` status code. If the employer is not 
authorized (does not have an account or is a user, not employer), a 
`401 Unauthorized` status code is returned.In case of 
any other error, a `500 Internal Server Error` status code is returned.


### Jobs

+ `POST /jobs`: This endpoint creates a new job. The request body must contain 
the job details in JSON format. On success, the response has a `201 Created` status 
code and returns the created job in JSON format. If the request body is invalid, 
a `400 Bad Request` status code is returned. In case of any other error, a 
`500 Internal Server Error `status code is returned.

+ `GET /jobs/search`: This endpoint searches for jobs with elasticsearch. 
The request must contain the `page`, `page_size`, and `search` parameters in the 
query. On success, the response has a `200 OK` status code and returns an array 
of jobs that match the search query in JSON format. If the query is invalid, a 
`400 Bad Request` status code is returned. In case of any other error, a `500 Internal Server Error` status code is returned.

+ `GET /jobs`: This endpoint filters and lists jobs based on the provided query 
parameters. The `page` and `page_size` query parameters are required and specify
the page number and page size, respectively. The `title`, `industry`, `job_location`, 
`salary_min`, and `salary_max` query parameters are optional and can be used to 
filter the jobs by title, industry, location, and salary range, respectively. 
On success, the response has a `200 OK` status code and returns a list of jobs 
in JSON format. If the query is invalid, a `400` status code is returned. 
In case of any other error, a `500 Internal Server Error` status code is returned.

+ `GET /jobs/company`: This endpoint lists jobs by company name, id, or part 
of the name. The `page` and `page_size` query parameters are required and specify 
the page number and page size, respectively. The `id`, `name`, and `name_contains` 
query parameters are optional (one of them has to be provided) and can be used 
to filter the jobs by company id, exact company name, or part of the company name, 
respectively. Only one of these three parameters is allowed in a single request. 
On success, the response has a `200 OK` status code and returns a list of jobs 
in JSON format. If the query is invalid, a `400 Bad Request` status code is returned. 
In case of any other error, a `500 Internal Server Error` status code is returned.

+ `GET /jobs/{id}`: This endpoint retrieves the details of the job with the given id. 
The id path parameter is required and specifies the id of the job to retrieve. On success, 
the response has a `200 OK` status code and returns the job details in JSON format. If the 
request query is invalid, a `400 Bad Request` code is returned. If the job with the given id is 
not found, a `404 Not Found` status code is returned. In case of any other error, a 
`500 Internal Server Error` status code is returned.

+ `PATCH /jobs/{id}`: This endpoint updates the job with the given id. The id path parameter is required 
and specifies the id of the job to update. The request body must contain the updated job details 
in JSON format. On success, the response has a `200 OK` status code and returns the updated job in 
JSON format. In case of any error, a `500 Internal Server Error` status code is returned.

+ `DELETE /jobs/{id}`: This endpoint deletes the job with the given id. The id path parameter is 
required and specifies the id of the job to delete. On success, the response has a `204 No Content` 
status code. In case the job is not found, returns `404 Not Found`, in case of any other error, a `500 Internal Server Error` status code is returned.


### Job Applications

+ `POST /job-applications`: This endpoint creates a new job application. Only users 
can access this endpoint. The request must contain the CV file, job ID, and optionally 
message for the employer in multipart/form-data format. On success, the response 
has a `200 OK` status code and returns the created job application details in JSON 
format. If the request body is invalid, a `400 Bad Request` status code is returned. 
If the user is not authorized to access this endpoint, a `401 Unauthorized` status 
code is returned. In case of any other error, a `500 Internal Server Error` status code is returned.

+ `GET /job-applications/employer/{id}`: This endpoint retrieves the details of the job application 
for an employer with the given id. The id path parameter is required and specifies the id of the job 
application to retrieve. On success, the response has a `200 OK` status code and returns the job application 
details in JSON format. If the request query is invalid, a `400 Bad Request` code is returned. If the employer 
is not authorized (does not have an account or is a user, not employer), a `401 Unauthorized` status code is returned. 
If the employer is not part of the company that created the job this application is for, a `403 Forbidden` status 
code is returned. In case of any other error, a `500 Internal Server Error` status code is returned.

+ `PATCH /job-applications/employer/{id}/status`: This endpoint changes the status of the job application with 
the given id. The id path parameter is required and specifies the id of the job application to update. 
The `new_status` body parameter is required and specifies the new status of the job application. On success, 
the response has a `200 OK` status code and returns the updated job application details in JSON format. 
If the request query is invalid, a `400 Bad Request` code is returned. If the user is not authorized (does not have an account or is a user, not employer), 
a `401 Unauthorized` status code is returned. If the employer is not part of the company that created the job this application is for, a `403 Forbidden`
status code is returned. If the job application with the given id is not found, a `404 Not Found` status code 
is returned. In case of any other error, a `500 Internal Server Error` status code is returned.

+ `GET /job-applications/employer`: This endpoint lists the job applications for a job with 
a given ID. Only employers can access this endpoint. The results are paginated based on the 
`page` and `page_size` query parameters, which are both required. The `sort` query parameter is 
optional and can be used to sort the results by date in ascending or descending order. The 
`status` query parameter is also optional and can be used to filter the results by status 
('Applied', 'Seen', 'Interviewing', 'Offered', 'Rejected'). On success, the response has a 
`200 OK` status code and returns a list of job applications in JSON format. If the request 
query is invalid, a `400 Bad Request` code is returned. If the user is not authorized 
(does not have an account or is not an employer), a `401 Unauthorized` status code is 
returned. If the job does not exist, a `404 Not Found` status is returned, and if the employer 
is not the owner of the job, `403 Forbidden` is returned. In case of any other error, 
a `500 Internal Server Error` status code is returned.

+ `GET /job-applications/user`: This endpoint lists the job applications that the authenticated 
user created. The results are paginated based on the `page` and `page_size` query parameters, 
which are both required. The `sort` query parameter is optional and can be used to sort 
the results by date in ascending or descending order. The `status` query parameter is also 
optional and can be used to filter the results by status (‘Applied’, ‘Seen’, ‘Interviewing’, ‘Offered’, ‘Rejected’). 
On success, the response has a `200 OK` status code and returns a list of job applications 
in JSON format. If the request query is invalid, a `400 Bad Request` code is returned. 
If the user is not authorized (does not have an account or is an employer, not user), a 
`401 Unauthorized` status code is returned. In case of any other error, a `500 Internal Server Error` status code is returned.

+ `GET /job-applications/user/{id}`: This endpoint retrieves the details of the job application for a user. 
The id path parameter is required and specifies the id of the job application to retrieve. On success, 
the response has a `200 OK` status code and returns the job application details in JSON format. If the 
request query is invalid, a `400 Bad Request` code is returned. If the user is not authorized (does not have an account or is an employer, not user)
, a `401 Unauthorized` status code is returned. If the user is not the creator of this job application, a `403 Forbidden` status code is 
returned. In case of any other error, a `500 Internal Server Error` status code is returned. 

+ `PATCH /job-applications/user/{id}`: This endpoint updates the details of the job application for a user. 
The id path parameter is required and specifies the id of the job application to update. The `cv` formData 
parameter is optional and specifies the CV file (.pdf) to update. The `cv_provided` formData parameter is 
required and specifies whether a CV file was provided. The `message` formData parameter is optional and 
specifies the message for the employer to update. On success, the response has a `200 OK` status code and 
returns the updated job application details in JSON format. If the request query is invalid, a `400 Bad Request` 
code is returned. If the user is not authorized (does not have an account or is an employer, not user), 
a `401 Unauthorized` status code is returned. If the user is not the creator of this job application, 
a `403 Forbidden` status code is returned. If the job application with the given id is not found, a 
`404 Not Found` status code is returned. In case of any other error, a `500 Internal Server Error` status code is returned.

+ `DELETE /job-applications/user/{id}`: This endpoint deletes the job application for a user. The id path parameter 
is required and specifies the id of the job application to delete. On success, the response has a `204 No Content` 
status code. If the provided id is invalid, a `400 Bad Request` code is returned. If the user is not authorized
(does not have an account or is an employer, not user), a `401 Unauthorized` status code is returned. 
If the user is not the creator of this job application, a `403 Forbidden` status code is returned. If the 
job application with the given id is not found, a `404 Not Found` status code is returned. In case of any 
other error, a `500 Internal Server Error` status code is returned.
